Создай Джейсон файл, который будет содержать исходную или директорию результирующий директорию и список файлов которые не нужно копировать.
Напиши вызов python 3 скрипта из из windows bath файлa, с указанием Джейсон файла. Поэтому скрипт должен получить параметры из Джейсон файла. Скопировать рекурсивно все файлы из исходной директории в результирующую, кроме тех файлов, которые не нужно копировать и указание которых находится в списке Джейсон файле.

create Jason a file containing the source directory or the destination directory and a list of directories not to be copied.
Write a call to a python 3 script from the windows bath file, specifying the Jason file. Therefore, the script must get the parameters from the Jason file. Copy all files from the source directory recursively to the destination directory, except for those files that do not need to be copied and whose indication is in the Jason file list.



the text with which the name of the directory begins which should not be copied

create Jason a file containing the source directory or the destination directory and 
a list of texts, with which the names of the directory begins which should not be copied.
Write a call to a python 3 script from the windows bath file, specifying 
the Jason file.  Therefore, the script must get the parameters from the 
Jason file.  Copy all files from the source directory recursively to the 
destination directory, except for those files that do not need to be 
copied and whose indication is in the Jason file list.  


the text with which the name of the directory to be copied begins

create Jason a file containing the source directory or the destination directory and 
a list of texts, with which the names of the directory to be copied begins.
Write a call to a python 3 script from the windows bath file, 
Copy all files from source directory recursively to
destination directory whose directories begin with the text specified in the Joyson file
  Therefore, the script must get the parameters from the 
Jason file. 



create Jason a file containing the source directory or the destination directory and 
a list of texts, with which the names of the directory to be moved begins.
Write a call to a python 3 script from the windows bath file, 
Move all files from source directory recursively to destination directory,
 whose directories begin with the text specified in the Joyson file.
 Therefore, the script must get the parameters from the 
Jason file. 
